docs(readme): tidy typescript section (#68)
fastify/send: README.md

### TypeScript

> To install types you must use `@types/mime@3`.
> `@types/mime@4` removed the `mime` types.

Author: ```suggestion
`@types/mime@3 must be used if wanting to use TypeScript;
`@types/mime@4` removed the `mime` types.
```

> `@types/mime@3 must be used if wanting to use TypeScript;
> `@types/mime@4` removed the `mime` types.

Author: ```suggestion
`@types/mime@3` must be used if wanting to use TypeScript;
`@types/mime@4` removed the `mime` types.
```
